--When N-P-M Install Means Game Over.
--Timeline Note.
p-1
--It deserves the space.
--The Short Version.
p-2
--Background.
p-3
p-4
p-5
p-6
--The Anatomy of the Attack.
p-7
--Step one. Steal the Keys.
p-8
p-9
p-10
--Step two. Stage the Decoy.
p-11
p-12
p-13
--Step three. Publish the Poison.
p-14
p-15
p-16
p-17
--The Payload.
p-18
--The Trigger.
p-19
p-20
--Two Layers of Obfuscation.
p-21
p-22
p-23
p-24
--Three Operating Systems. Three Attack Paths.
p-25
p-26
p-27
p-28
p-29
p-30
p-31
--The RAT.
p-32
p-33
p-34
p-35
p-36
p-37
p-38
p-39
p-40
p-41
--The Self-Cleanup.
p-42
p-43
p-44
p-45
p-47
p-48
p-49
p-50
--The Human Story.
p-51
--The Maintainer Who Could Only Watch.
p-52
p-53
p-54
p-55
p-56
p-57
--The Timing Was Deliberate.
p-58
p-59
--The Detection.
p-60
p-61
p-62
p-63
--Our Response.
p-64
--Immediate: Pin Everything.
p-65
p-66
p-67
--Second: Verify We're Clean.
p-68
p-69
p-70
p-71
p-73
p-74
--Third: Build a Public Scanner.
p-75
p-76
p-77
--Fourth: Document Everything.
p-78
p-79
p-80
p-84
p-88
--The Lessons.
--The Trust Model Is Broken.
p-89
p-90
p-91
p-92
--Postinstall Scripts Are the Attack Surface.
p-93
p-94
p-95
--Long-Lived Tokens Are a Liability.
p-96
p-97
p-98
--The Bus Factor Matters.
p-99
p-100
--Self-Cleanup Changes the Game.
p-101
p-102
p-103
--What We Still Don't Know.
p-104
p-105
p-106
p-107
p-108
--What This Means for Us.
p-109
p-110
p-111
p-112
p-113
--Agent Notes.
p-114
p-115
p-116
p-117
p-118
p-119
--The Uncomfortable Question.
p-120
p-121
p-122
p-123
p-124
p-125
--Timeline Summary.
p-126
p-127
p-128
p-129
p-130
p-131
p-132
p-133
p-134
p-135
p-136
p-137
p-138
p-139